07/10/2018
Dear Lauren,

It’s been a while. I wanted to gather my thoughts and write a small letter to you, but knowing me it probably won’t be small at all. I hope you set a bit of time aside and read it because I put my heart and soul into it.

The reason why I’m writing this to you is because I feel confident enough that I went through some major changes. At first, I wanted to write this letter with a pen and paper to show that it genuinely comes from me, but I couldn’t figure out how to send it without it being completely scuffed. If you’d like, I can still show it to you since it took quite a lot of ripped pages and retries. It’s why that one time I asked about your handwriting and I think my scribbles are much worse. I’ve never written anything like this before because nobody has ever mattered to me as much as you do. Even though I’ve been such a pain, I hope I still matter to you too. I wanted to send you this letter on the 10th because of one significant event that took its place on this date in September. I started writing few days prior to this because I wanted to try to organize my thoughts in a logical way and send you a well-written letter. I still talk and write like an idiot because I learned English in its entirety from the internet and nowhere else. I try my best but every time I hate how it comes out, unless I’m having fun at that moment. Same goes for talking with my voice; I can pronounce everything crisp and clear in my head, but my mouth does not cooperate with me. It’s just a big mess combined with my English knowledge and how I actually talk. Regardless of all this, I hope one day I’ll get another chance to talk to you with voice again.

At one point, I was very immature and obsessed with you. It was nothing but unhealthy for our friendship or relationship. I was often being childish and aggressive when things didn’t go my way. I was an asshole and didn’t treat you very well, so you became guarded and uncomfortable around me. The way I interacted with you was selfish and only had a negative impact on you more than anything else. You were distancing yourself from me and eventually broke up with me. It hurt me a lot; I was emotionally distressed and suffered from severe anxiety for a long time. I couldn’t believe you were gone, kept messaging you and made everything even worse, which I only regret doing. After all these years and everything I’ve done, somehow you always kept giving me another chance and trusted that I would improve. You’ve been the most understanding person and went through with my ups and downs, which I am thankful for. Up until the day you told me I should leave for good.

It really hurt and stung me when you threw out bold accusations that I’m a stalker, I’m a creeper, and a weirdo overall. It’s heartbreaking you convinced yourself that I’m that type of person and I didn’t think I would be able to prove you otherwise. I never wanted to hurt you and I had no ill intent towards you when we were friends or partners. I was only doing what I usually do out of boredom or when I’m in queue. I still don’t really understand how you can think of me this way when you know me better than anyone else and when we’ve been the closest to each other at one point. I’m not that type of person and you know it, Lauren. You’ve seen me at my peak and you loved it more than anything. It changed over time because we both messed up. I took it much further, burned more bridges, and turned into a person that you wanted to get rid of. This is probably why you’ve said those things about me and I don’t blame you. A few of our mutual friends turned their back on me as well, and I can only assume it’s because you’ve talked to them about me. I’m not accusing you of anything; I want to show you my perspective too. Although it still feels surreal that the person that’s been the closest to me would think that way, this letter is about something else.

Some time had passed and as I’ve mentioned already, I went through some major changes. It’s still a constant and continuous process that will probably never stop, so I will only continue working on myself and improving even further. I think you’ll definitely notice and appreciate the change if you accept me in your life again. If you remember, one day I told you "mark this date" which was a turning point for me. That day it was either I completely leave, which ironically seemed to be the best option at that time, or I will get my life in order and seriously work on myself. Unfortunately, shortly after you told me to leave you alone for good and I had no other choice. One person told me the only way to get rid of your obsession is to isolate yourself from it, and they were absolutely right. From that point on, I’ve forced myself into a corner, lived for myself, and slowly focused on rebuilding my old normal self. I was able to learn and kept everything to myself. I’ve had a lot of time on my own and I feel like I’ve matured, at least to some extent. There has been a lot of stress in my life during this time as well, but I tanked through it and kept working on myself. I started being polite, patient, and treating people with respect. I learned a lot during this time, including giving people space and time when they need it, which is something I wasn’t able to do before. I changed some things in my life as well, to be in a better state of mind, which also led to getting rid of toxicity in games. Back then I didn’t understand that you need to focus on yourself first and only then try to make someone else happy; I’ve never really been in that position before.

At this point, it’s obvious where this is going. I’ve missed you so much, Lauren. And I really missed being close to you. It hurts being away from you, but I don’t think you feel the same way. I really fucked up. I got so close to the person that matters to me the most and I single-handedly ruined everything we had, to the point where you were scared of me and later on you told me off. I wanted to say that I am sorry for everything I’ve done. I’m sorry I’ve been such a burden and a child. I’m sorry for no longer being the person that you fell in love with and that you always wanted to be around with. I’m sorry for the broken promises and that I didn’t treat you right. My biggest regrets are all the things we wanted and planned on doing together but never got the chance, and that includes us talking. It would have been the best sitting in a call every day, being that comfortable with each other and talking about something sweet like our future plans or just messing around, but... I couldn’t do it because I had issues with it then, like a mental block. And shortly after, everything went downhill. I feel like everything would be much easier had we talked, and our relationship would progress instead of snowballing all the way down. I doubt we would argue at all since it’s all easily solvable with voice and it’s much easier to understand how someone feels like when they talk. I’m sorry I was so scared to talk to you. I feel really bad I made you wait for so long that eventually you lost all interest in it. There is another thing that’s left unmentioned, which I feel really bad about. It’s something that I kept mentioning quite often and it bothered you a lot, maybe you will understand what it is. I apologize for that as well. I will leave it vague like this in case someone else will see this letter. I regret a lot of other things and I’m very disappointed in myself that I made you think of me this way again. I feel useless and empty because I had no one else and nobody to talk to when you left me, while you’ve made many new friends and had fun with them every day. It made me realize how shitty of a person I turned into.

These have been the most important six weeks in my life. It’s either I will be on the right path with you, or everything will be lost forever. Not too long ago, you’ve told me that traits online can be retained to how one acts in their everyday life, so in order for you to consider anything I would have to change how I act online first. I’ve worked my hardest and I am confident to say that I won’t annoy or disappoint you again. Things that bothered you the most are now completely gone, including the ones you specifically pointed out too. I’ve never taken so much time off in order to fix myself and then come back to see if I still have a chance of rebuilding our relationship. During this time off, I was noticing more and more improvements that I’ve made, even the little ones. I felt much better and the only thing that kept me going was the hope that you will let me make you happy once again. I went through our old messages sometimes to get a glimpse of how I’ve been back then; it helped a lot as well. It made me realize that I was a good person back then and it’s why you loved me. I’ve missed being that way and it motivated me to become that person once again. There is nothing that we "have to" do and I don’t want you to feel pressured. Things that made me anxious at that time now make me proud and happy for you. I will do anything to have another chance to prove that I am still the same person that you fell in love with and I will treat you right this time. I want you to see the change and I want to continue working hard for you. The question is... whether you will trust me one last time or not.

I will be straightforward with you, Lauren. I want to be a part of your family and I want to be with you. I want to meet your mom and dad and show them that I’m mature, but also fun to be around. It will probably take me some time to get comfortable around them, but I will make it work. I want to meet the little Toby too; I love and miss the dog. I want to make you laugh and smile again. It was really sweet and funny when we talked and your mom would tease you. I want to add happiness to your life and buy gifts for you or do the little things that will make you feel better if you’re having a bad day. Whenever you are feeling sad or grumpy, I want to poke and talk to you until the grumpiness will shoo away. I want to share different memories and stories with you, and I want you to be comfortable enough around me to be yourself. Your input and opinion has always been as valuable as mine, and I will always listen to what you have to say. There won’t be random arguments and if we’ll ever have a disagreement, we will settle it in a mature way or even better – come up with a compromise. I want you to be completely free and also transparent with me. You don’t have to spend all your time with me and I want you to have as much time to yourself as you need. I want to be like other guys in a relationship that solo queue all day until their girlfriend wants to spend some time together. I don’t want to neglect any friends, mine or yours, and I’m open to make new ones and spend time with other people too. I want to make you happy and grow with you, in every sense of the word, and I want to get out of my bubble too. I want to always be positive, supportive, and encouraging you to do more things. I want our relationship to be sweet and wholesome, like it was at the beginning. I want to meet up one day and go on a real date with you. If I will get another chance, I will do everything to treat you like a normal boyfriend would. I was immature before and didn’t fully understand what it’s like, to take care of my partner and make her happy. I was a child that was overwhelmed with feelings and emotions, and I started being too obsessive and compulsive. I sincerely regret how I treated you in our relationship. I was blinded by my own selfishness and realized this only after I had faced the consequences. Since then, I grew and learned. I’m able to notice my mistakes and prevent them from happening again. I can assure you it will not be a repeat of things and I will do everything to treat you with love and care. Only time will tell if you will ever change your mind after seeing how I am, unless you’ve already found someone else.

We’ve never really had real love before, not until we met each other. We’ve been a "we" couple and if you remember, it felt surreal for both of us every time we said "I love you" and every day we waited to wake up just to say that to each other. You were so happy with me Lauren, and I was happy with you too. I always cared about you and your happiness, and I still do. I was waiting every time to message you whenever I would get the chance, even sometimes during class. I put you before everyone and treated you how I always wanted to for the first two-three months, but then I started acting up. I did not display my best emotional self at first, and for that I am genuinely sorry. I remember when you wanted me to promise you that if I become friends with more people I won’t forget about you; I asked you to promise me the same to which you responded that you won’t forget and you don’t want to in the first place. It makes me cry remembering these things because we were so genuine and happy with each other that we wanted to be together for the rest of our days. I think the tables have turned and it’s what happened to me now. I could tell by your actions that you still loved me after you broke up with me, but I’ve been a nagging pain and annoyed you so much that you wanted me to go. I’m sorry I’ve been like that as well, Lauren. I will never forget the first few months of our relationship and how it all started, and I would do anything to go back to that. I really wish I could go back and fix all of my mistakes. I wish I could revert everything negative that happened between us and continue our relationship. Maybe I will spark your love and passion once again when you see how I am now. I’ve listed many things I want because I want to show you that I’m in the right state of mind. It feels like a lightning storm in my head has finally come to an end.

A while back, you were also very uncomfortable with me and then you blocked me too. My goal back then was to make you comfortable with me again, and it took me months of work to prove that I’m the normal me again. I still have one text document saved from last August, when you didn’t want to be close to me. It has all the things that annoyed you or made you upset at that time. I really did try to improve back then and I had such great success that we got much closer than I had ever anticipated. I wasn’t sure if you still liked me then, and I can’t be sure if you still like me now. You didn’t want to spend time with me at all; you met a lot of new people and talked to them with voice, which is similar to what happened now. But since we never dated back then, I don’t know if you still want me to come back. The last thing that you’ve said to me implies that you still do, so my goal remains the same.It feels weird to say this, but I will be honest with you: I miss my normal self. I think I was a likable person back then and it’s why you wanted to get even closer. I was enjoying life and our time spent together, and I was open to do a lot of other stuff as well. My depression with mean thoughts sort of went away. I want to be like that again, but only even better and improving even further. I’m not aiming for a few months of another unhealthy relationship; I want to be in a good relationship with you that will last until the end of our days. I think I will be able to show you that I’m not the person that I made you think I am; I was distressed before and acted vastly different, which I’m remorseful for. I hope you did not forget about me and you won’t be apathetic. The last few things you’ve said to me worried me a lot, but I don’t think you actually think of me that way since you’ve known me for a long time and you were probably only annoyed. You’ve seen me be myself before which made you fell in love with me, and during the first few months of our relationship which made you shine and happy. Of course there have been lots of ups and downs, but we’ve always come to terms with our differences because relationship like this only comes once in a lifetime.

I’ve fixed myself and came back to ask your hand again. I’ve had so many missed opportunities in the past to show you that I became a better person, but I struggled and failed every time which I deeply regret. I was an idiot that didn’t understand much, but I’ve learned from my mistakes and now I understand a lot of things. Given my progress and improvement, I think I will be able to demonstrate concrete evidence of my maturity and change, although I still would like to play and talk to you in a relaxed way because I want to have fun too. I don’t want to bring up negative things from the past, so let’s only remember the positive ones. I want to relive all the happy memories with you again, and I want you to realize that I really did mature. I want to impress you with the change. I think you will be proud of me just like I was proud of your Widow or you improving your communication back when we were together. I still have some flaws and issues because I’m a person too, but they aren’t as major as what they once used to be. One thing you can be sure of, I will not repeat my previous mistakes, including how I acted in the past.

The only thing that’s left to do now, apart from continuing to grow as a person, is to ask you something that still means a lot to me. I don’t think you still think of me that way, but I will try it one more time, hoping that you do. I’ve waited almost all my life for the right person and ultimately gave up on it because I wanted an emotional connection with someone I can genuinely relate to and spend time with, not just sex or whatever else. I could never find such a person in my life, no matter where I went to. Until by accident, I met you, Lauren. I hope it’s not too late and you still see me in your life. I would like to continue where we left off, before you started distancing yourself from me. I want to treat you right, like the little princess that you are. I want to be together and live a happy life with you. If you let me, I’ll be the person you once loved and the boyfriend that I know I can be.

Lauren, given the improvement and my change, will you reconsider your decision and give me another shot?

I need healing,

niko
